what you need to remember about your family as it is. Just that is your
family. It is not the military. Things that are problematic is our
about military culture. As related to the family is the member can
often be. I could speak to myself. You won't be very direct about things
that's a distinctly military quality. There's not necessarily appropriate
for the family he needs to. You need to be a bit more sympathetic
than you might otherwise be. If you're in the military when
you're dealing with your family and basically you just have to temper
their responses, you might have if, uh when it when you're dealing
with your family because, like I said, they aren't in the military.
Some good things that occur from the military experience spirits is
that you know you can. It's a bit easier to instill discipline and
your Children early. Show them what it's like. Um, that is definitely
a good thing that I found with my own kids on. That's not, I mean,
like disciplining them was just showing them how to act. Uh, character.
There's definitely accessible in the civilian world, but it's
just right out in front of you. In the military paradigm